feat: CSS Cafe Menu (#41797)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/01-responsive-web-design/basic-css-cafe-menu/part-063.md

---
id: 5f3ef6e0f8c230bdd2349716
title: Part 63
challengeType: 0
dashedName: part-63
---

# --description--

> The `h1` and `h2` elements' text are set by default values of the user's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The typography of heading elements (e.g. `h1`, `h2`) is set by default values of users' browsers.
```

OR
```
The heading elements' font sizes are set by default values from the browser.
```
